Big brother didn't eat here
You can actually block the big brother's sentence
Little sir, please forgive me
You have a lot.
Leave us alone.
Brother, what are you doing?
Sorry big brother
I was wrong, yeah.
I was wrong. I was wrong.
Mr. Xue, look who sent you here
It was Sun Zhifei, that coward, who asked me to come
He gave me 1 million
Let me break your limbs
Do you think this is okay?
I'll give you his 1 million
Then I'll pay you 1 million
2 million how much to give next time
How dare we have a next time
Brother, he is just a small security guard.
It will cost him to shut up
Just a fucking little security guard
If he wanted to kill me just now
That's a minute thing.
Brother, are you Gao Rou?
How is that possible?
With his current strength
I'm afraid only that person can hold him back
Brother, do you mean
Exactly.
Brother Shan Yu, right?
It's useless to say
I'm going to Blue Cloud Group tomorrow.
Apologize to him personally